README.md, before:

## google-play-game-service-for-unity3d
Google Play Service For Unity  is a Unity Plugin For Google Service.Include Google Admob Unity,Google Game API Unity. Login,Achievement,Leaderboard,Event,Quest,Snapshot,RealTimePlayGame,TurnbasedPlayGame API are supported and easy to use with c# or js.    



### Get Started with Google Services for Unity
This guide is intended for publishers who want to integrate the Google Admob ,Google Play Game Service  into a Unity app.    
  
- playgamedemo.cs is example code of usage     
- This plugin required android sdk build tool 26     
- This plugin was tested with unity Unity 2018.2    
- LitJson is optional
- This plugin support android only    
 [Google Announced not support play game ios any more](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/04/focusing-our-google-play-games-services.html)



### Admob for Unity
Google AdMob is a mobile advertising platform that you can use to generate revenue from your app.     
Ads can be displayed as banner, interstitial, video, or native ads.    
Before you can display ads within your app, you'll need to create an AdMob account ad [https://apps.admob.com](https://apps.admob.com) and activate one or more ad unit IDs.    
and then follow this steps to add code to display ads

- [Initialize MobileAds](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#initialize-mobileads)
- [Banner Ads](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#banner-ads)
- [Interstitial Ads](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#interstitial-ads)
- [Rewarded Video Ads](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#rewarded-video-ads)
- [Ad events](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#ad-events)


### Play Games Services for Unity
The Play Games Plugin provides  Google Play games services that lets you easily integrate popular gaming features such as achievements, leaderboards, Saved Games, and real-time multiplayer (on Android) in your Unity3d games.    
Steps to integate plugin into unity game

- [Configure Your Game](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Configure-Game)
- [Sign-in Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Sign-in-Games)
- [Achievements in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Achievements-in-Unity-Games)
- [Leaderboards in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Leaderboards-in-Unity-Games)
- [Saved Games Support in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Saved-Games-Support-in-Unity-Games)
- [Real-time Multiplayer in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Real-time-Multiplayer-in-Unity-Games)
- [Turn-based Multi player in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Turn-based-Multi-player-in-Unity-Games)
- [Events in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Events-in-Unity-Games)
- [Players States in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Players-States-in-Unity-Games)


The documentation will be improved in the future.
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/blob/master/document/screen.jpg)

Commit message:

Add Google Firebase Analytic,Update Admob API,Update SDK

README.md, after:

## google-play-game-service-for-unity3d
Google Play Service For Unity  is a Unity Plugin For Google Service.Include Google Admob Unity,Google Game API Unity.Google Firebase Unity     Login,Achievement,Leaderboard,Event,Quest,Snapshot,RealTimePlayGame,TurnbasedPlayGame API are supported and easy to use with c# or js.    



### Get Started with Google Services for Unity
This guide is intended for publishers who want to integrate the Google Admob ,Google Play Game Service,Firebase Analysis  into a Unity app.    
  
- playgamedemo.cs is example code of usage     
- This plugin was tested with android sdk build tool 26     
- This plugin was tested with unity Unity 2018.2    
- LitJson is optional
- This plugin support android only    
 [Google Announced not support play game ios any more](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/04/focusing-our-google-play-games-services.html)



### Admob for Unity
Google AdMob is a mobile advertising platform that you can use to generate revenue from your app.     
Ads can be displayed as banner, interstitial, video, or native ads.    
Before you can display ads within your app, you'll need to create an AdMob account ad [https://apps.admob.com](https://apps.admob.com) and activate one or more ad unit IDs.    
and then follow this steps to add code to display ads

- [Initialize MobileAds](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#initialize-mobileads)
- [Banner Ads](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#banner-ads)
- [Interstitial Ads](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#interstitial-ads)
- [Rewarded Video Ads](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#rewarded-video-ads)
- [Ad events](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Admob-for-Unity#ad-events)


### Play Games Services for Unity
The Play Games Plugin provides  Google Play games services that lets you easily integrate popular gaming features such as achievements, leaderboards, Saved Games, and real-time multiplayer (on Android) in your Unity3d games.    
Steps to integate plugin into unity game

- [Configure Your Game](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Configure-Game)
- [Sign-in Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Sign-in-Games)
- [Achievements in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Achievements-in-Unity-Games)
- [Leaderboards in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Leaderboards-in-Unity-Games)
- [Saved Games Support in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Saved-Games-Support-in-Unity-Games)
- [Real-time Multiplayer in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Real-time-Multiplayer-in-Unity-Games)
- [Turn-based Multi player in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Turn-based-Multi-player-in-Unity-Games)
- [Events in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Events-in-Unity-Games)
- [Players States in Unity Games](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Players-States-in-Unity-Games)


### Google Firebase Core
Google Analytics for Firebase,Google Analytics for Firebase is a free app measurement solution that provides insight on app usage and user engagement.
This plugin make it easy to use analytics in unity3d game.    
[Google Firebase Analytics in unity3d game](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/wiki/Google-Analytics-for-Firebase-Core)


    
![ScreenShot](https://github.com/unity-plugins/google-play-game-service-for-unity3d/blob/master/document/screen.jpg)
